you'll see this from your starter that
time I'm a Montana row and linkin park
this morning what's up settlement from
the belgravia group it's come a long way
since less than those year now I've got
three houses under roof with windows and
as you can see we got mechanical systems
going in top to bottoms is pretty
exciting we're going to start instead of
closing our first students just after
the first of the year so yeah we have a
really good pace of construction here we
can finish homes in under about six
months from starting and given that
we've got homes under construction for
it start delivering
one of the great spaces in this house is
the family room which brand which is on
the second floor this room is fully 24
feet wide it goes full with the house
awesome great space kind of wonderful
extension of your main living space on
the first floor so you come right out of
your second floor staircase and you're
in this great family room so this is one
of the great attributes of the lifestyle
that these houses of for their virtually
no 25 foot wide townhomes I'm 25 for why
condoms or 25 foot wide single-family
homes the homes that are out there that
are at that with are considerably more
expensive you have to remember these are
under a million dollars brand new
construction the other thing that you
start to get a sense of what the second
floor is the view out your back of your
house into your private yard so you've
not only got this great space wide space
gracious room size you've got a backyard
that's well over 40 feet deep and then
you're too or over the third floor right
now in the master suite which although
under construction you kind of get a
sense of one of the other great things
about these homes is the orientation so
you'll notice the immense amount of
light flooding into this house all the
fronts are south-facing so our master
bedroom is in the front and third floor
opposite of living room on the first
floor of the front so you get wonderful
exposure from the south wonderful light
big windows I'm struck in each room by
how large the windows are we really got
more glass here than I'm used to seeing
which again it just adds to the quality
of space the quality of light quality
experience of living here huge master
bath the frame of the door is a little
hard to visualize the development
very gracious master gracious closet
space and again the overall layout of
the house has your three main bedrooms
up on the third floor you have a very
very private sense of space on your
third floor your second floor has an
office and guest bedroom in that great
family space and that sort of an
extension that your first floor where
you enter the house and we've been very
deliberate to separate the spaces from
public and private and semi-public we're
out front of our three homes currently
under construction you can see masonry
start to come up probably in the next 30
days we're we're finished with our front
facade the landscape and we've got flat
work going in again heading towards
those closings in the first particle of
January we're just off a green view
wrightwood where you have right wood
park which we know is great asset in
this community pool lots of outdoor
space lots of stuff for kids lots of
families I mean this is this is a place
that people want to be it's a part of
the city that's absolutely vibrant